good morning everybody welcome to
another Cambridge vlog it's Sunday today
I woke up this morning I thought it was
Monday when I first wake up and I was
like fully preparing myself for like a
day of lectures and supervisions and
then I realized it was Sunday such a
good feeling I was haha
it's still the weekend know that I
haven't got work to do at the weekend at
least I don't have to go to access this
morning which is good I'm off to a
rowing outing just any second now
as per it's usually my weekend routine
now you've probably gross but I usually
have a rowing outing on a Saturday and
Sunday but luckily these rowing outings
aren't at the crack of dawn so like I
can deal with it if they're at 10:30
that's a reasonable time to get up so
I'm going to head off in a mo when you
forget to put your bike seat cover on
typical I got back from my rowing outing
later that day and proceeded to work
through my afternoon and evening
[Music]
hello so I've been working through my
afternoon and evening and I'm actually
feeling really on top of my maths now so
I quite pleased with myself I managed to
turn this day around this weekend around
to be honest because I felt like I
hadn't been that productive like from
Friday all the way through to today
Sunday but like this afternoon and this
evening has been good I've made good
progress of what I needed to get done
I'm gonna go to sleep now
luckily I don't have a rowing outing
tomorrow morning hallelujah I can have a
bit of a lie-in
when I say lion I mean I couldn't get up
at like 7:30 and still be on time for
lectures Oh
rather than 5:30 so it is much much of
an improvement good morning so I
literally had to drag myself out bed
this morning like I even went to bed
early last night
but it was still a struggle getting up
as you can see my bed is not made
everything's a bit of a mess but I've
got to run to lectures so I'm gonna sort
it out later I have got a free afternoon
so I can get myself all sorted then sort
out my laundry because that's still not
sorted look still hanging up honestly so
two lectures now
so news I have now completed the
electromagnetism lecture course I now
know everything there is to know about
electromagnetism
huger's leaving us you can see him
behind getting a spike out ridiculous
it's going back to college we are being
good students and going to the library
it's great
the Christmas decorations are up in the
shopping center it is so exciting
is it the Christmas lights turn on the
other day actually I think Oh Phil very
exciting anyway we're heading to Nana
max because it's student one day now
I've been a few times I'm not actually
that big a fan of Nana max I've run out
toasty food so I'm having to go to Nana
max she was gonna be massive healthy
know no one go to Nana max it's not
student day on Monday student it's not a
Tuesday yes don't go - oh there's no
queue
[Music]
so I'm not that being around the
burritos everyone I know these are not
to share so after my very tasty plate of
nachos I headed back to college and got
offered some work for the most part of
this term I've worked in my room rather
than the library I just quite liked my
room this year because it's very light
the windows are big it's just a nice
place to study and it tends to be quite
quiet as well hello it started raining
outside lovely it's fine because I don't
have to leave my room for the rest of
the day apart from to go for dinner and
I can delay that until the rain stops so
it's all good it gets dark so early this
time of year like it's just not nice
it's only what it's not even half full
yet and it's dark it just makes me
that's productive cuz when the Sun Goes
Down I'm like oh it's the end of the day
that's good there's a line down for the
day
yeah it's only half full it's not even
half full yet like I've got to keep
going the update with the work is that
I'm making good progress I've been going
through some of my maths in a bit of
Fourier transforms and greens functions
a lot of my deadlines are later in the
week this week this is usually the time
when I'm stressing and struggling
because all my deadlines come up once on
Tuesday and Wednesday and I have a lab
on Tuesday so it's always a big rush on
Monday to get everything done
aha my deadlines are later this week
because all my super visions have moved
and yeah I mean it's making for a kind
of chill time now but like I know give
it a few days and I'll be panicky again
and we don't want to let that happen so
the plan is to actually get on top of it
now and then I won't be stressing out
later in the week hopefully so the motor
pool balls of screw up paper they're all
the Bulls have failed to make it to the
recycling bin as you can see I'm not a
great shot as you can probably also see
I am very lazy and have not bothered to
get up and go put them in the recycling
bin yet but like on my way out to dinner
I totally will do but like for now I'm
just gonna stay sitting here at my desk
chilled out and get on with my work
okay I am down in the and we're
playing cards a good old game of German
bridge as we all know I'm pretty good at
this game actually in fourth place over
five
it's very more to the top twenty nine
edge tip 26 EJ 1938 eat meat for two
this is the trump card you see here it
has demonstrated how kind and
considerate the members of my staircase
are they carry each other to bed how
sweet we are playing Mario Kart in Ed's
room this evening
I threw a bomb so she was saying to me
about how bad I was at Mario Kart okay
I'm gonna get ready for bed quickly I've
got a love tomorrow but it is my last
lap of turn so it's cool like off of
this lab I'm gonna be done so even
though the lab is all day tomorrow it'll
be done with afterwards which is good
I've read over some of it this evening
before I went and chatted to my friends
for the evening tomorrow morning I'll
read over the rest of it because the lab
doesn't start till 10:00 which is good
so I've got a bit of time beforehand
maybe an hour in the morning which I
have to look over the lab staff and
prepare I'm gonna get ready for bed now
but I'll see you in the morning
okay so I've just pulled up my water
bottle for the day I'm gonna head off to
my last lap or turn I'm going to be very
happy this evening when labs are done
until like January oh I just hit the
lamp in my excitement whoops but yeah
I'm gonna head everyone's giving me
looks at 50 this morning because I'm
like the last one from Jesus to complete
my physics books it's a sad time but
like I was laughing at the start of term
when everyone else had their labs before
me but as a result I've got more labs at
the end of term but it's fine I'll be
done after today and also labs aren't
that bad like I'm just complaining cuz
it's the full day and you have to work
hard but like actually they're not all
that bad physics labs and second year
physics labs I found are a lot better
than first year physics labs so yeah and
it's just started raining Just My Luck
I'm gonna cycle to labs before it gets
any worse
so here was the situation at the start
of the day the equipment is laid out for
us on the table and we're expected to
use our class manuals to work through a
practical and ask demonstrators for help
if we get stuck and this is the mess the
table was in by the end of the practical
as usual at the end of the day everyone
is frantically trying to finish their
practical in time okay so I've just got
back from practical I'm heading to CAF
my friends are there I'm meeting them
there I'm feeling good practicals are
done for the term completely smashed it
it was great yeah time for food most
definitely here we have Paige in her
natural appetite for natural habitat the
outside world
this looks really creepy on it yeah
because YY is empty doesn't no one ever
sends me stuff correct there's something
in my pigeonhole what is it page any in
particular this one here the one below a
below I'm sitting here doing some maths
questions this evening because I've got
some questions due tomorrow the thing is
I haven't actually been set like which
questions are jus my supervisor said
decide amongst yourselves why you've got
up to in lectures and answer the
questions that are on the stuff you've
covered in lectures so far but the thing
is we haven't actually covered like any
of the stuff we need to answer any of
the questions in the lectures yet like
literally question one on the sheet we
have not covered in lectures yet both my
supervision partners have said they're
doing about the first two or three
questions of the sheet and I'm like how
are you doing that because like I mean
I'd love to but I don't know what the
circle of convergence is and I'm sure
it's a very simple thing and I'm sure
there's a few of you watching right now
shouting at me like page that's so
simple but I've never heard it before
ever I'm yet to have learnt it so now I
feel like you know I've got to attempt
these questions I've got the lecture
notes but they've got loads of gaps in
it that we have to fill in in the
lecture and like all the gaps of what I
need like it's like determination of the
radius of convergence and I'm like well
that's what I want to know and then
there's a big gap after it I'm like well
that's the knowledge I need that I
clearly haven't been taught yet I'm
gonna spend half an hour tops just kind
of attempting a couple of these and then
I'm gonna get on to some physics work
because I feel like that's a better use
of my time
police I'm here to mess with me as well
and we are seeing in not the front row
for the second row back in the lecture
now we're not usually like the front row
lecture sort of people I don't guess
like we concentrate in natures but I
wouldn't know me as far forward but the
last examples class I couldn't see the
board so I'm thinking makes sense for
this class to be further forward so I
can see everything the lecturer is
writing super clean you just like
quinton sorry we don't concentrate
usually we try our best so I've just got
back from the examples class and just
got myself drink got a few bits of work
to do this evening for now I'm gonna
take a quick break because my brain is
literally fried like I've had one to
four and a half hours of lectures today
I'm like four and a half hours in one
day is just way too much so I just need
to relax for half an hour or so and then
I'll get back down to work so I've been
doing some work I'm about to take a
break from my work to go to the Jesus
singers concert the Jesus singers is
like a singing group at Jesus funnily
enough and Emma is involved in it and
she's singing in it so I'm gonna go
support and also they're singing songs
from the greatest showmen and that is
like literally my favorite musical ever
those songs like literally are my jam I
am so therefore it so I'm gonna go it's
only an hour long and I figure I can get
my work done like afterwards tomorrow
morning you know but no so I'm gonna go
to that it's in the chapel as well so we
are all
everyone is how Jesus thing is cooked
[Music]
so one hours later and I'm back in my
room
the Jesus singers concert was really
really good Emma did really well
everyone did really well would have
loved to have gone to the after-party
but also I don't think my supervisor
would be that understanding if I don't
get these questions done for tomorrow so
better have a crack at them I've got
three hours until I need to go to bed
I'm gonna spend three hours on them call
it a day
it's actually due to be handed in at the
physics labs which is like a 15 minutes
cycle and you've got to allow time for
getting off your bike looking good bike
going to hand in the work walking back
to you by hand looking at all that faff
by the time you've done that it's about
a 40 minute round-trip to hand in work
and it's just such a waste of time I
just want to be able to scan my work and
send it to my supervisor because I don't
have much time in my day as it is to get
everything done but my mission is to
convince Eva Tim or Yuja to drop my work
off when they drop their work off
because they're dropping work off
tomorrow too and they've got to collect
their lab books my lab book isn't even
ready to collect so why would I go I'm
gonna message them receiving and be like
so which one of you is is going over to
hand in work tomorrow because it ain't
me good morning so I'm off to a
supervision I'm just trying to get out
of college I'm speed-walk inks I'm
running late I got half way there
realized I'd forgotten my glasses I seem
to be doing that a lot lately like how
do I keep forgetting them like I can't
see without them so why do I keep
forgetting them why don't I think hey
Paige wouldn't it be good if you could
see this morning but clearly not so I
had to speed back back for my glasses
now speed walking to the soup oh I think
I'm gonna be like a couple of minutes
late but what can you do I'm going as
fast as I can
and they usually overrun before as well
so it should be fine hello oh I'm in the
same place I left you but walking back
in the other direction because I'm
heading back to my room now I've had my
supervision I actually bumped into one
of my supervision partners on the way to
the supervision and I was like oh well
that's fine we'll be late together the
previous session over and in the end
like we weren't even late we got there
before we went in so timed it well
didn't we
I've also been to Sainsbury's to do the
weekly same thrift shop as per now for
luncheon and I've got work to do that's
during this evening that I haven't
started yet so it should be interesting
lunchtime look at this homemade sauce
which Paige made herself yes Wow there's
so much okay lunch has been eaten and
I'm gonna get back down to my work I've
got like four hours and I've got a whole
question set to do would not usually
coat this fine but like I literally
haven't had time to start it before now
because I've had assignments that would
you before it that I've had to do and so
I'm just gonna do as much as I can
that's all I can do really hand him what
I've got done in four hours time
[Music]
so I'm just setting my alarm for 5:40
tomorrow morning I love doing this so
much Wow
here's hoping I'll be ready to jump out
of bed there it is I'm sure I'll be full
of energy tomorrow take up rubbing
guides it's great it gets you out of bed
in the mornings I suppose I'll see the
Sun Rise and that's it for this vlog but
thank you very very much for watching
please give it a like if you enjoyed and
subscribe for more videos from me and
I'll see you soon with another video bye
[Music]